feature: Private cluster Bring your own Vnet (#643)
CluedIn-io/CluedIn.Documentation: docs/190-paas-operations/configuration/030-advanced-network.md

For details on creating custom roles, see [Azure custom roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/custom-roles).

> ### Private Cluster - BYO vNet
> When using your own network (BYON) for private cluster installation, **Network Contributor** permissions are required for the VNET created outside the managed resource group. To meet this requirement, you can create a **user-managed identity** and assign it the **Network Contributor** role on the specified VNET. During installation, ensure this user-assigned managed identity is specified in the advanced networking section.
> 
> ![adv-network-pc-byov.png](../../assets/images/ama/howtos/adv-network-pc-byov.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Private cluster - BYO vNet
When using your own network (BYON) for private cluster installation, the **Network Contributor** permissions are required for the vNet created outside the managed resource group. To meet this requirement, you can create a **user-managed identity** and assign it the **Network Contributor** role on the specified vNet. During installation, ensure this user-assigned managed identity is specified in the **Network and Monitoring** section.

![adv-network-pc-byov.png](../../assets/images/ama/howtos/adv-network-pc-byov.png)
```
